Content/typeform vs google form (#2005)
baptisteArno/typebot.io: apps/landing-page/content/blog/landbot-alternative.mdx

<Image
  src="/blog-assets/landbot-alternative/typeform-website.png"
  alt="Typeform website"
  width={2000}
  height={1241}
/>

> While not a traditional chatbot platform, [Typeform](https://typebot.io/blog/typeform-vs-google-form) allows you to create interactive forms and surveys that can mimic conversational experiences. It's a good choice if you need to collect structured data from users. Typeform's engaging interface can help increase completion rates compared to standard forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While not a traditional chatbot platform, [Typeform](./typeform-vs-google-form.mdx) allows you to create interactive forms and surveys that can mimic conversational experiences. It's a good choice if you need to collect structured data from users. Typeform's engaging interface can help increase completion rates compared to standard forms.
```
